initial data fed work (#131)
stargate/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/old_data_fed_text.adoc

* `Reader`: `@key(fields: "name user_id")`

In GraphQL, standard CamelCase is used for object type names, but Cassandra
requires CamelCase designations to be double-quoted. In order to make the type name
both GraphQL-friendly (`Book`) and CQL-friendly (`book`), a custom directive is used to
identify the Cassandra name (`@cql_entity(name: "book")`) as the identifier of the
underlying table. This directive is not required.

To avoid duplicating the type as both an input type and output type, add `@cql_input`
to generate an `BookInput` type with the same fields as the type `Book`
in the GraphQL schema. This directive is not required, but strongly suggested,
as it is useful for writing queries and mutations.

Similar to the type name, the fields can be identified with an alternative
Cassandra column name using `@cql_column(name: "book_title")`.
This directive is not required.

In the Book type, there are additional `@cql_column` parameters defined to
identify the primary key of the type.
Define the partition key using `@cql_column(partitionKey: true)` for all fields
that comprise the partition key.
Define the clustering columns using `@cql_column(clusteringOrder: ASC)`, for all

> the fieldsthat comprise the clustering columns, if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the fields that comprise the clustering columns, if desired.
```

Author: Removed page.

The default clustering order is `ASC`, or ascending.
Information about partition keys and clustering keys can be found in the
https://cassandra.apache.org/doc/latest/cql/[CQL reference].

The `@cql_index` is discussed in xref:graphql-first-using.adoc#_create_indexes[Create indexes].

[IMPORTANT]
====
If no field has a `partitionKey: true`, but the first field is of data type
ID, Uuid, or TimeUuid, then that field is used as the partition key in the database.
====

A standard GraphQL type feature is displayed in these types, the required fields
denoted by `String!` and `Uuid!` that include the exclamation mark.
*** MAKES THEM NON-NULL FIELDS - PARTITION KEY MUST BE NON-NULL!

> he `@cql_index` is discussed in xref:graphql-first-using.adoc#_create_indexes[Create indexes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@cql_index` is discussed in xref:graphql-first-using.adoc#_create_indexes[Create indexes].
```

Author: Removed page.
